In the wing, Hadrian was holding the program in one hand and the program had a typo in it that he had flagged to the producer three weeks ago and the typo was still there. The typo was in his name. They had spelled the name with an i instead of a y. He had asked, in writing, on three separate occasions, that the spelling be corrected. He had been told, three times, that it would be. The program in his hand had been printed at four o'clock that afternoon.

The stage manager came over and touched his elbow. "Five minutes, Hadrian."

"Five minutes."

She moved off. He looked at the program again. He could feel his jaw set. He could feel, under the costume, the small specific muscle along his shoulder blade that tightened when he was about to do a thing he was going to be unkind about. He breathed.

The producer had been polite about it the third time. The producer had said, look, we are dealing with a lot of things, and Hadrian had said, this is one of the things you are dealing with. The producer had laughed. The producer had laughed in the way producers laughed when they did not actually find a thing funny. The producer had said, of course, of course, we will get it fixed for the print run. The print run was this program. Hadrian was holding it.

He thought, in the small clear way one thought in the wing, about who he would speak to after the curtain. He thought about how he would speak to them. He thought about the difference between speaking to them in the small clear way he was thinking about now and speaking to them in the way he would actually speak to them if he did not, in the next four minutes, get a hold of himself. He had eaten his anger many times before. He had eaten it for two decades. He knew its taste.

"Three minutes."

He set the program down on the prop table. He set it down carefully. He smoothed the front of his costume. He thought, you are about to go onstage. You are about to do a play. You will not, in this performance, give this man's typo any of your performance. You will give him no part of it. You will go out and you will give the audience what they came for and you will deal with him after. After.

"Two minutes."

He breathed. The breath went where it needed to go. The light in the wing changed. He stepped to his mark.
