The passing bell had not yet rung and Eden was standing at her locker and the boy two lockers down had said the thing about her friend again. He had said it the day before. He had said it on Friday. He had said it last week. He had said it loud enough, again, that the small cluster of his friends had laughed.

Eden closed her locker. She closed it carefully. She did not slam it. She had learned, the previous spring, what slamming a locker got you, in this school, when you were a girl, and she was not, this morning, giving the principal a reason to call her mother. She turned. She walked the three steps to the boy.

The boy was taller than her. The boy was always taller than her. The boy had been taller than her since fifth grade and had used the fact of being taller, in her experience, in the way boys used being taller, which was to say without thinking about it but also exactly thinking about it.

"Hey," Eden said.

The boy looked down at her with the small ready face. "What."

"What you just said. About Mira. I want you to stop saying it."

The boy looked at his friends. His friends were waiting to see what kind of moment this was going to be. The boy decided what kind of moment to make it. He laughed. "It was a joke."

"It wasn't a joke," Eden said. She did not raise her voice. She did not need to. The hallway around them had gone, in the small fast way hallways did, attentive. She could feel a circle forming. She did not care. "You have been saying it for a month. It wasn't a joke the first time. It is, by definition, not a joke now. I am telling you to stop."

He smiled the small expectant smile of a boy waiting for the adult intervention that would let him off this hook.

The adult intervention did not come. The hall monitor was at the far end of the hallway. The hall monitor was not, this minute, looking. The bell did not, immediately, ring.

Eden stood her ground. She felt her hands at her sides. Her hands did not, by some small grace, shake. She watched his face. She watched him try the next move and not, quite, find it. She watched him glance, again, at his friends. The friends were no longer laughing.

"Whatever," he said.

"Stop saying it," Eden said again. The bell rang. She turned. She walked away.
