The bus station had been promised, in a press release the city had sent her last spring, to receive a thorough renovation, including, the release had specifically said, an accessible ramp at the south entrance. Penelope sat on the bench inside the south entrance and looked at the south entrance and looked at the four steps that were still the four steps that had been the four steps for the entire fifteen years she had been using this station. The ramp was, in the press release, "underway." The ramp was, on the ground, the four steps.

Her aunt, who used a walker, was meeting her bus at four-twenty. Her aunt was meeting her bus at four-twenty at the south entrance because the south entrance was the entrance closest to the parking lot the aunt could use. Penelope had told her aunt, on the phone last week, that the south entrance now had a ramp. Penelope had said this because the city's website had said this. The city's website, she could see now on her phone, still said this.

She took a screenshot of the city's website. She took a photograph of the four steps. She put both into a draft email to the council member who had her ward. She did not, yet, send the email. She would, when she got home tonight, send the email. The draft would need careful sentences and she did not, in the bus station at four-eighteen, have careful sentences in her, she had a particular kind of dry quiet fury that did not, yet, want to be put into prose.

Her bus pulled in. She stood. She walked out the south entrance and down the four steps and crossed the small lot to where her aunt's car was parked. Her aunt was leaning against the car. Her aunt waved. Penelope waved back. She hugged her aunt carefully.

"Did they finish the ramp," her aunt said.

"They did not finish the ramp."

"Of course they didn't finish the ramp."

"It is still four steps. It has been four steps for fifteen years."

Her aunt laughed, a small dry laugh. The laugh was a laugh Penelope had heard from many women in their seventies in this town. The laugh said, of course. The laugh said, what did you expect. Penelope did not want the laugh. Penelope wanted the ramp.

She helped her aunt into the passenger seat. She walked around to the driver's side. She got in. She did not, yet, start the car. She thought about the draft. She started composing it in her head, in cleaner sentences.
