The porch light was on, and it was on because the new owners had set a timer that turned it on at five, and Saoirse stood at the end of the driveway and looked at the house that had been her parents' house and was now somebody else's. She had not meant to come here. She had been driving to her cousin's, two towns over, and she had taken the exit that went past the old block, and she had told herself she would just drive past, and she had driven past, and then she had circled back, and then she had parked across the street, and now she had been standing at the foot of the driveway for ten minutes.

The new owners had repainted the trim. The trim had been green. The trim was now a soft cream color. She did not, on reflection, dislike the cream. The cream was probably better suited to the house than the green had been. Her mother had loved the green, and Saoirse had loved her mother's love of the green, but the green had been a particular green that had made the house look a little tired, and the new color let the house look, at this hour, more like itself.

She thought about the time she had been seven and had fallen off the porch railing and had cut her chin on the step, and her father had picked her up and carried her in and her mother had pressed a wet dish towel to the cut and had told her, in a calm voice that had been the calmest voice Saoirse had ever heard, that she was going to be all right, and she had been. She thought about the time she had been sixteen and had sat on the porch in October with the boy who would, eventually, be the man she did not marry. She thought about her mother at the kitchen window, watching, and pretending not to be watching.

Her parents were both gone. The house had been sold by her brother and herself two years ago. The selling had been the right thing to do. The selling had been a relief at the time and the selling was still a relief, and there was a small grief that lived inside the relief and that, she was learning, you did not get to choose to feel separately.

She turned and walked back to her car. She got in. She did not start the engine right away. She sat there with her hands on the wheel and looked at the dashboard and not at the house.
