The phone rang and the name on the screen was a name Owen had not seen in seven years and Owen picked up on the second ring without any particular hurry. "Hey," he said. "Hey."

"Hey yourself."

"Where are you."

"Portland. I am sitting on my back step. I have a tea. It's about six o'clock here."

"It's about nine here. I am washing dishes."

"Of course you are washing dishes."

He laughed. He laughed and he could hear her on the other end laughing too, very softly, the way she laughed when she was alone and not performing the laugh for anyone else. He set the sponge down and dried his hands on the dish towel and walked into the living room and sat down on the couch with the phone tucked between his ear and his shoulder. The dog stirred in the corner and looked at him and decided he was not interesting and put her head back down.

"I have wondered about you," he said.

"I have wondered about you. I figured. I figured probably you had wondered."

"Yeah."

"Yeah."

They were quiet for a moment and the quiet was a quiet he remembered. There had been a lot of quiet, years ago, with her, and the quiet had been one of the easier things between them. They had both been able to be in a room together without speaking. That had been the part that mattered. The other parts had been harder and the other parts were why he had not heard her voice in seven years, but the quiet had been good, and the quiet was still good.

"What made you call."

"I was sorting through a box. I found a postcard you sent me from the train trip. The one with the bridge on it."

"I remember the postcard."

"I sat with it for a while. It was a good postcard. I thought, I am going to call him. So I am calling you."

"I am glad you called."

"I am glad I called too."

The dog sighed. Somewhere outside, a car door closed and footsteps went up his neighbor's walk. He shifted on the couch and the cushion sighed too and he held the phone with his hand now instead of his shoulder and he thought, this is what it is. This is just what it is. There was no other thing it needed to be.
